#EXTM3U url-tvg="https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/id/mncvision.id.epg.xml, https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/id/vidio.com.epg.xml, https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/my/astro.com.my.epg.xml, https://macan.tv/xmltv.php?username=epg&password=epg, http://ppmk.my.id/epg/epg.xml"  refresh="3600"


///// NATIONAL TV /////

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_80.png",RCTI
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI-DD/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI-DD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_81.png",GTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_82.png",MNC TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_83.png",iNews
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_115.png",ANTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ANTV/sa_dash_vmx/ANTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_87.png",Trans TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV-2/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_110.png",Trans 7
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Trans7-2/sa_dash_vmx/Trans7-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/tvone.png",TVOne
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/metro_tv.png",Metro TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Metro-TV2/sa_dash_vmx/Metro-TV2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/rr/rajawali_tv_id.png",Rajawali TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_106.png",Kompas TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_118.jpg",TVRI Nasional
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/PemersatuBangsa/sa_dash_vmx/PemersatuBangsa.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_113.jpg",Jak TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/jj/jtv_id.png",JTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JTV/sa_dash_vmx/JTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bali_tv_id.png",Bali TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BaliTV_Timeshift/sa_dash_timeshift/BaliTV_Timeshift.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/dd/da-ai-tv-indonesia-tw-in.png",Da Ai TV Indonesia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DAAITV/sa_dash_vmx/DAAITV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bandung_tv_id.png",Bandung TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BandungTV/sa_dash_vmx/BandungTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_116.jpg",NET
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NetTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/NetTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_103.jpg",Berita Satu News
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeritaSatu/sa_dash_vmx/BeritaSatu.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_84.png",MNC News
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCnews-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCnews-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/iBcm_IDX.jpg",IDX Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NATIONAL TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_336.png",SEA Today
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SEA-Channel/sa_dash_vmx/SEA-Channel.mpd


///// NEWS /////

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/aljazeera.png",Aljazeera English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_332.jpg",BBC World News Asia Pacific
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/bloomberg.png",Bloomberg TV Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Bloomberg/sa_dash_vmx/Bloomberg.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/Bloomberg/sa_dash_vmx/Bloomberg.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_353.png",CGTN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_330.png",CNA
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cnbc.png",CNBC Asia-Pacific
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cnn_new.jpg",CNN International Asia Pacific
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_357.png",DW English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ee/euronews_fr.png",EuroNews English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/EuroNews/sa_dash_vmx/EuroNews.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/EuroNews/sa_dash_vmx/EuroNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/fox_news_channel.png",Fox News Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxNews/sa_dash_vmx/FoxNews.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxNews/sa_dash_vmx/FoxNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/france_150px.jpg",France 24 English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_355.jpeg",NHK World Japan
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldTV/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldTV.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldTV/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nhk_150.png",NHK World Premium
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/rr/rt_ru_english.png",RT English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTEnglish/sa_dash_vmx/RTEnglish.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTEnglish/sa_dash_vmx/RTEnglish.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/trt_world_tr.png",TRT World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TRTWorld/sa_dash_vmx/TRTWorld.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/TRTWorld/sa_dash_vmx/TRTWorld.mpd


///// ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE /////

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_350.png",ABC Australia Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AustraliaPlus/sa_dash_vmx/AustraliaPlus.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/AustraliaPlus/sa_dash_vmx/AustraliaPlus.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/aa/anhui_tv_cn.png",Anhui TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnhuiTV/sa_dash_vmx/AnhuiTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_351.png",Arirang World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_240.jpg",Asian Food Network
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AFN-HD/sa_dash_vmx/AFN-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/HGTV_150x150px-01.png",HGTV Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/hh/hunan_cn_tv.png",Hunan TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HunanTV/sa_dash_vmx/HunanTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/jj/jiangsu_tv.png",Jiangsu TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JiangsuTV/sa_dash_vmx/JiangsuTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_90.png",Lifestyle & Fashion
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/LifeStyleFashion/sa_dash_vmx/LifeStyleFashion.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_167.jpg",Lifetime Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_79.jpg",M Shop Signature
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCShop/sa_dash_vmx/MNCShop.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_88.jpg",M Shop Super Sale!
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCShopSmart/sa_dash_vmx/MNCShopSmart.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_86.png",MNC Entertainment
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_96.png",MNC Infotainment
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_95.png",OK TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_164.png",ONE
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/dd/dragon-tv-cn.png",Dragon TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ShanghaiDragonTV/sa_dash_vmx/ShanghaiDragonTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_248.jpg",TLC Southeast Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TLC/sa_dash_vmx/TLC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tv-5-monde-asie-fr.png",TV5Monde Asie
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV5/sa_dash_vmx/TV5.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_94.png",Vision Prime
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ss/star_xing_kong_hk.png",Xing Kong TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/XingKongTV/sa_dash_vmx/XingKongTV.mpd


///// KNOWLEDGE /////

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_203.png",Animal Planet Southeast Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnimalPlanet/sa_dash_vmx/AnimalPlanet.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnimalPlanet/sa_dash_vmx/AnimalPlanet.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/bbc_earth150x150.jpg",BBC Earth Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth-HD/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth-HD.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth-HD/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_112.png",Besmart
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeSmart/sa_dash_vmx/BeSmart.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_205.png",CGTN Documentary
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/logo-ci.jpg",Crime + Investigation Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/discovery_channel.png",Discovery Channel Southeast Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Discovery/sa_dash_vmx/Discovery.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_206.png",History Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_202.png",National Geographic Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KNOWLEDGE" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_204.png",National Geographic Wild Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd


///// KIDS /////

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KIDS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/baby_tv.png",Baby TV Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BabyTV-NewHD/sa_dash_vmx/BabyTV-NewHD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KIDS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_39.jpg",Boomerang South East Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Boomerang/sa_dash_vmx/Boomerang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KIDS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cartoon_network.png",Cartoon Network Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CartoonNetwork/sa_dash_vmx/CartoonNetwork.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KIDS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cbeebies_150.png",CBeebies Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cbeebies/sa_dash_vmx/Cbeebies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KIDS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_46.png",Kids TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KidsChannel/sa_dash_vmx/KidsChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KIDS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/miawme150x150.jpg",Miao Mi
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MiaoMi/sa_dash_vmx/MiaoMi.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KIDS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nickjr.jpg",Nick Jr Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NickJr-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/NickJr-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="KIDS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nickelodeon.png",Nickelodeon South East Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Nickelodeon/sa_dash_vmx/Nickelodeon.mpd


///// MOVIES /////

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/hbo.png",HBO Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/hbo-2/sa_dash_vmx/hbo-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/hbo_hits.png",HBO Hits Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOHits/sa_dash_vmx/HBOHits.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cinemax.jpg",Cinemax Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaxHD2/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaxHD2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/hbo_family.png",HBO Family Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOFamily2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOFamily2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/hbo_signature.png",HBO Signature Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOSignature2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOSignature2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_12.png",Galaxy Premium
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/GalaxyPremium-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GalaxyPremium-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_13.png",Galaxy
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Galaxy-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Galaxy-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/celestial.png",Celestial Movies Indonesia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/cc/cinema_world_asia.png",CinemaWorld
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_109.png",TVN Movies Indonesia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_14.png",IMC
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD/sa_dash_vmx/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_22.png",Celestial Classic Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_169.png",HITS Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/axn_150x150.jpg",AXN East Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/warner_tv.png",Warner TV Southeast Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_160.jpg",HITS
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/KIX_LOGO_150x150.jpg",KIX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_0.png",TVN Premium Indonesia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/thrill_150x150px.jpg",Thrill
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_23.png",Zee Bioskop
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/Animax_150x150.png",Animax Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/150x150fmn.jpg",FMN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_18.jpg",Star Chinese Movies South East Asia
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=scm


///// MUSIC /////

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MUSIC" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_111.png",Music TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MusicChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MusicChannel.mpd


///// SPORTS /////

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/beIN-1.jpg",BeIn Sports 1 Indonesia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MrBein1/sa_dash_vmx/MrBein1.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/beIN-2.jpg",BeIn Sports 2 Indonesia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN2s/sa_dash_vmx/BeIN2s.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN2s/sa_dash_vmx/BeIN2s.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_307.png",SPOTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_308.png",SPOTV2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/150x150fightsport.jpg",Fight Sports
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_102.jpg",MNC Sports 1
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports-HD.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_98.png",MNC Sports 2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_99.png",MNC Sports 3
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Soccer-2/sa_dash_vmx/Soccer-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_101.png",Soccer Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd



///// RELIGI /////

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RELIGI" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ee/ewtn_us.png",EWTN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/EWTN/sa_dash_vmx/EWTN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RELIGI" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_91.png",LIFE
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Life/sa_dash_vmx/Life.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RELIGI" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tv-mu-id.png",TV Mu
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVMuhammadiyah/sa_dash_vmx/TVMuhammadiyah.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RELIGI" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_92.png",Muslim TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCMuslim/sa_dash_vmx/MNCMuslim.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RELIGI" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_93.png",Quran TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlQuranAlKareem/sa_dash_vmx/AlQuranAlKareem.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RELIGI" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/rr/reformed_21_id.png",Reformed 21
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Reformed21/sa_dash_vmx/Reformed21.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RELIGI" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_105.png",Tawaf TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TawafTV/sa_dash_vmx/TawafTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RELIGI" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tv9_surabaya_id.png",TV 9 Nusantara
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV9/sa_dash_vmx/TV9.mpd


///// FREE TO AIR /////

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_80.png",RCTI
https://rcti-linier.rctiplus.id/live/eds/RCTI_2021/live_fta/RCTI_2021-avc1_800000=7.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_81.png",GTV
https://rcti-linier.rctiplus.id/live/eds/GTV2021/live_fta/GTV2021-avc1_800000=6.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_82.png",MNC TV
https://rcti-linier.rctiplus.id/live/eds/MNCTV_2021/live_fta/MNCTV_2021-avc1_800000=6.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_83.png",iNews
https://rcti-linier.rctiplus.id/live/eds/INEWS_2021/live_fta/INEWS_2021-avc1_800000=8.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/trans_tv_id.png",Trans TV
https://video.detik.com/transtv/smil:transtv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/trans_7_id.png",Trans 7
https://video.detik.com/trans7/smil:trans7.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ss/sctv_id.png",SCTV
https://iptv.mwafa.net/vidio/204/index.m3u8?token=1999
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ii/indosiar-id.png",Indosiar
https://iptv.mwafa.net/vidio/205/index.m3u8?token=1999
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/nn/net-id.png",NET
https://iptv.mwafa.net/vidio/875/index.m3u8?token=1999
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/aa/antv.png",ANTV
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s07/index3.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tv_one_id.png",TVOne
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s105/index3.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/jj/jtv_id.png",JTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JTV/sa_hls/JTV.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ii/idx_channel_id.png",IDX Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_hls/IDX.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/mm/metro_tv_id.png",Metro TV
http://edge.metrotvnews.com/live-edge/smil:metro.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/mm/magna-channel-id.png",Magna Channel
https://edge.medcom.id/live-edge/smil:magna.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/cc/cnn_id.png",CNN Indonesia
https://live.cnnindonesia.com/livecnn/smil:cnntv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/cc/cmbc-indonesia-us-id.png",CNBC Indonesia
https://live.cnbcindonesia.com/livecnbc/smil:cnbctv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/berita-satu-news-channel-id.png",Berita Satu News
https://b1news.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1News_manifest.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/berita-satu-news-channel-id.png",Berita Satu News World
https://b1world.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1World_manifest.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/berita-satu-news-channel-id.png",Berita Satu News English
https://b1english.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1English_manifest.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/rr/rajawali_tv_id.png",Rajawali TV
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(41869351-4a9c-4e57-b54b-8cf5dfc919e1)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/jj/jak-tv-id.png",Jak TV
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(7a73ed02-e0de-4df1-8da3-5abfd75f24bd)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/kk/kompas-tv-id.png",Kompas TV
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(dc9040ad-a4e1-4d08-883c-a65542b69602)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="FREE TO AIR" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ss/sea-today-id.png",SEA Today
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(9ce3f094-4044-467e-84b7-b684a49571d5)/manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="FREE TO AIR",METRO GLOBE NETWORK
https://goldenlivektv.com/Live_TV/Channel_Mgn.m3u8?by=Khoerul_Television

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.biznetnetworks.com/assets/list-logo/logo-large/biznet_logo.jpg" group-title="FREE TO AIR", Bisnet Lifestyle
http://livestream.biznetvideo.net/biznet_lifestyle/smil:lifestyle.smil/chunklist_w109806785_b2256000_slen_tkYml6a2V5bGl2ZXN0YXJ0dGltZT0wJmJpemtleWxpdmVlbmR0aW1lPTAmYml6a2V5bGl2ZUN1c3RvbVBhcmFtZXRlcj1teVBhcmFtZXRlciZiaXprZXlsaXZlaGFzaD1qZ0RLUGNsY0dkWmZ2cklEeGZNZHBUN3Zfc3JNV0NidWJudEdvOWNDWVdwY0JCUWFsTWxMUXhIc3dtNDNQYlZS.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.biznetnetworks.com/assets/list-logo/logo-large/biznet_logo.jpg" group-title="FREE TO AIR", Bisnet Adventure 4K
http://livestream.biznetvideo.net/biznet_adventure/smil:adventure.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.biznethome.net/bin/images/tv-program/channel/BiznetHomeKids.jpg" group-title="FREE TO AIR", Biznet Kids
http://livestream.biznetvideo.net/biznet_kids/smil:kids.smil/chunklist_w417362857_b2256000_slen_tkYml6a2V5bGl2ZXN0YXJ0dGltZT0wJmJpemtleWxpdmVlbmR0aW1lPTAmYml6a2V5bGl2ZUN1c3RvbVBhcmFtZXRlcj1teVBhcmFtZXRlciZiaXprZXlsaXZlaGFzaD1xQXJpMU0yeHVfTUFsbkh3VlJ0T3MyNGxSOFlfSFNEaWpOMkNSTmdoaWZVbGxoWXFRU0Rsa2QwcUU4Q2tad3hD.m3u8


///// NATIONAL TV /////

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_indosiar_small1.png" group-title="NATIONAL TV", Indosiar
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_sctv_small1.png" group-title="NATIONAL TV", SCTV
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-24.m3u8


///// MOVIES /////

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN FOX MOVIES " tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ff/fox_movies_us.png" group-title="MOVIES",FOX_MOVIES
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117169

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/xTWry90X/HBOshare-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="MOVIES",ANIPLUS
http://group2-swiftservehd-1.dens.tv/h/h02/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CITRADRAMA.id" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/Qxg3HpkS/citra-bioskop-logo.png" group-title="MOVIES", Citra Bioskop
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-1.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i1.wp.com/www.broadbandtvnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/My-Cinema-Europe.jpg" group-title="MOVIES",Cinema Europe
http://group1-swiftservehd-1.dens.tv/h/h18/01.m3u8
http://playlist.urfan.web.id/uq2663/h/h18/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_new-mycinema_small.png" group-title="MOVIES", My Cinema
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=mycinema
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h192/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Cinema_HD
http://210.210.155.35:80/uq2663/h/h90/S4/mnf.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_mycinemaasia_big.png" group-title="MOVIES", My Cinema Asia
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=mycinemaasia
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h193/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Cinema_Asia
http://210.210.155.35:80/uq2663/h/h193/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_new-myfamily_big.png" group-title="MOVIES", My Family Channel
http://210.210.155.35/session/fff605d2-66ff-11ec-bc1c-c81f66f89318/uq2663/h/h194/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Family_Channel_Trial-
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h194/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Family_Channel_Trial-
http://210.210.155.35:80/uq2663/h/h194/index.m3u8


///// ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE /////

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1Xqf12P/Kplus.png?v=1.0.0.1" group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-id="K-Plus HD" tvg-name="K-Plus HD", Kplus
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(6278b166-9632-42c3-b6e9-226edc1d3da6)/manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:-1  tvg-id="ext" group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/rGTHbAM.png",GEM
http://group1-swiftservehd-1.dens.tv/h/h19/01.m3u8
http://210.210.155.35/session/8d789368-3130-11eb-8016-b82a72d63267/uq2663/h/h19/01.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/c_C1GXpVRGgNbBzXTaHeYGp_emNHDlMPLqPJ6PF8vUCawVWz7GYPnPHBdP3LiYLQm6X_WxFT8QXydJ9AR5omOaI7udB1YP-arIii3m1SstIJdr5l3U9fo2Ce5v9rBMxM-Q=w1280" group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE",Rock_Extreme
http://rr1.dens.tv/h/h15/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=ROCK_Extreme_HD
http://group2-swiftservehd-1.dens.tv/h/h15/01.m3u8
http://210.210.155.35:80/session/3bc829b4-66a6-11ec-ae85-b82a72d63267/dr9445/h/h15/01.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/c_C1GXpVRGgNbBzXTaHeYGp_emNHDlMPLqPJ6PF8vUCawVWz7GYPnPHBdP3LiYLQm6X_WxFT8QXydJ9AR5omOaI7udB1YP-arIii3m1SstIJdr5l3U9fo2Ce5v9rBMxM-Q=w1280" group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE",Rock_Enter
http://rr1.dens.tv/h/h16/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=ROCK_Entertainment_HD
http://group2-swiftservehd-1.dens.tv/h/h16/01.m3u8
http://210.210.155.35:80/session/231b7a38-66a6-11ec-ae85-b82a72d63267/dr9445/h/h16/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/warningfm/v3/master/img/LQqABbX.png?v=1.0.0.1" group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE" tvg-id="Fashion TV Midnight Secrets" tvg-name="Fashion TV HD", Fashion TV Midnight Secrets HD
https://fash1043.cloudycdn.services/slive/_definst_/ftv_midnite_secrets_adaptive.smil/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/pnhzRFh.png?v=1.0.0.1" group-title="ENTERTAINMENT & LIFESTYLE", Kaloopy TV
https://d3kefxscf5gq6l.cloudfront.net/v1/master/9d062541f2ff39b5c0f48b743c6411d25f62fc25/Kaloopy-Website/126.m3u8


///// KNOWLEDGE /////

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ll/love_nature_ca.png" group-title="KNOWLEDGE", LOVE NATURE 4K
http://bamus-eng-roku.amagi.tv/playlist1080p.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NASATVPublic.us" url-tvg="" tvg-country="US" tvg-language="English" tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/N/NASA-logo-9411797223-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="KNOWLEDGE",NASA TV 
https://ntv1.akamaized.net/hls/live/2014075/NASA-NTV1-HLS/master_2000.m3u8


///// SPORTS /////

#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3b0w4i8" group-title="SPORTS",Champion1
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-6.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3G5WH3L" group-title="SPORTS",Champion2
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-7.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3C7O4TU" group-title="SPORTS",Champion3
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-8.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3C7O4TU" group-title="SPORTS",Champion4
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-17.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/c4pTS21q/Champion-Tv-SHAREext-Group.jpg" group-title="SPORTS",INDOSIAR_LIGA1&2
http://108.136.37.52/m3u8/vid_Indosiar.m3u8?shareext.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/c4pTS21q/Champion-Tv-SHAREext-Group.jpg" group-title="SPORTS",LIGA1&2
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="SPORTS",USEESPORT1(gaess)
http://nontonbola.my.id/hustv/useesport1.m3u8?punyanya=gasss
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="SPORTS",USEESPORT2(gaess)
http://nontonbola.my.id/hustv/useesport2.m3u8?punyanya=gasss
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="SPORTS",UseeSport1
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=useesport
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="SPORTS",UseeSport2
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=useesports2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="SPORTS",SpotV
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=spotv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="SPORTS",SpotV2
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=spotv2

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6e/Motors_TV_old.svg/1112px-Motors_TV_old.svg.png" group-title="SPORTS",Motorvision
http://playlist.urfan.web.id/uq2663/h/h09/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/MTNqHbfs/Share-Ext-Multi-Sport.jpg" group-title="SPORTS",UnifiSport1
https://unifi-live05.secureswiftcontent.com/UnifiHD/live11.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/MTNqHbfs/Share-Ext-Multi-Sport.jpg" group-title="SPORTS",UnifiSport2
https://unifi-live05.secureswiftcontent.com/UnifiHD/live12.mpd


///// NEWS /////

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ydxMLn71/Aljazeera.png" group-title="NEWS",Al Jazeera Arabic
http://45.126.83.51/qwr9ew/s/s16/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" https://i.postimg.cc/zGSNswnB/NBC-News-Now.png " group-title="NEWS", NBC NEWS NOW
https://dai2.xumo.com/xumocdn/p=redbox&deviceid=&is_lat=&subp=RedboxdesktopWebLinux/amagi_hls_data_xumo1212A-xumo-nbcnewsnow/CDN/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" https://i.postimg.cc/Gm4CpGQm/News-NOW-from-FOX.png" group-title="NEWS ",NewsNOW from FOX
http://fox-foxnewsnow-samsungus.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" https://i.postimg.cc/N0143g7Y/NEWSMAX.png " group-title="NEWS ", Newsmax
https://nmxlive.akamaized.net/hls/live/529965/Live_1/index_720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo=" https://i.postimg.cc/XvXRXTSd/ABC-NEWS.png" group-title="NEWS ", ABC News
https://content.uplynk.com/channel/3324f2467c414329b3b0cc5cd987b6be.m3u8


///// KIDS /////

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="dreamwork" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/37m5R58/dreamwork.png" group-title="KIDS",DreamWorks
http://live.netcoffee.id:25005/test/bisaoffkapanaja/599


///// FILM /////

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOAsia.us" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/hbo.png" group-title="FILM",  HBOHD
https://hehe.ppmk.my.id/hbohd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOSignatureAsia.us" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/hbosig.png" group-title="FILM",  HBOSignatureHD
https://hehe.ppmk.my.id/sighd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOHitsAsia.us" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/hbohits.png" group-title="FILM",  HBOHitsHD
https://hehe.ppmk.my.id/hitshd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOFamilyAsia.us" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/hbofamily.png" group-title="FILM",  HBOFamilyHD
https://hehe.ppmk.my.id/famhd.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CinemaxAsia.us" tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/9488554_ico.png" group-title="FILM",  CINEMAX
https://hehe.ppmk.my.id/maxhd.m3u8


///// MUSIC /////

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="MUSIC",MTV Biggest Pop
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS02/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="MUSIC",MTV Block Party
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS03/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="MUSIC",MTV WMA
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS08/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="MUSIC",MTV Spankin\'New
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS07/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="MUSIC",MTV Yo!
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS01/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://themusicuniverse.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/vevotv.jpg" group-title="MUSIC",Pluto TV VEVO 90's
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5fd7bb1f86d94a000796e2c2/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://themusicuniverse.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/vevotv.jpg" group-title="MUSIC",Pluto TV VEVO 80
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5fd7b8bf927e090007685853/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://themusicuniverse.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/vevotv.jpg" group-title="MUSIC",Pluto TV Vevo Pop
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/stitch/hls/channel/5d93b635b43dd1a399b39eee/master.m3u8?terminate=false&deviceType=web&deviceMake=web&deviceModel=web&sid=890&deviceId=5d93b635b43dd1a399b39eee&deviceVersion=DNT&appVersion=DNT&deviceDNT=0&userId=&advertisingId=&deviceLat=&deviceLon=&app_name=&appName=web&buildVersion=&appStoreUrl=&architecture=&includeExtendedEvents=false&marketingRegion=US&serverSideAds=false

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://d14c63magvk61v.cloudfront.net/hls/22865/stingray-greatest-hits/thumbv_20200717_232723.jpg" group-title="MUSIC",Greatest Hits
https://ott-linear-channels.stingray.com/v1/master/734895816ccb1e836f8c1e81f772244d9be0077c/155/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://d14c63magvk61v.cloudfront.net/hls/22865/stingray-hit-list/thumbv_20200717_232723.jpg" group-title="MUSIC",Hit List
https://ott-linear-channels.stingray.com/v1/master/734895816ccb1e836f8c1e81f772244d9be0077c/107/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.camtel.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Stingray_Music_Vert_RGB-1.png" group-title="MUSIC",Clasic Rock
https://ott-linear-channels.stingray.com/v1/master/734895816ccb1e836f8c1e81f772244d9be0077c/101/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.camtel.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Stingray_Music_Vert_RGB-1.png" group-title="MUSIC",Alternative
https://ott-linear-channels.stingray.com/v1/master/734895816ccb1e836f8c1e81f772244d9be0077c/102/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.camtel.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Stingray_Music_Vert_RGB-1.png" group-title="MUSIC",Pop Adult
https://ott-linear-channels.stingray.com/v1/master/734895816ccb1e836f8c1e81f772244d9be0077c/104/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.camtel.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Stingray_Music_Vert_RGB-1.png" group-title="MUSIC",Hip Hop / R&B
https://ott-linear-channels.stingray.com/v1/master/734895816ccb1e836f8c1e81f772244d9be0077c/133/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.camtel.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Stingray_Music_Vert_RGB-1.png" group-title="MUSIC",Hot Country
https://ott-linear-channels.stingray.com/v1/master/734895816ccb1e836f8c1e81f772244d9be0077c/108/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.camtel.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Stingray_Music_Vert_RGB-1.png" group-title="MUSIC",Flash Back 70's
https://ott-linear-channels.stingray.com/v1/master/734895816ccb1e836f8c1e81f772244d9be0077c/115/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.camtel.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Stingray_Music_Vert_RGB-1.png" group-title="MUSIC",Remember The 80's
https://ott-linear-channels.stingray.com/v1/master/734895816ccb1e836f8c1e81f772244d9be0077c/128/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.camtel.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Stingray_Music_Vert_RGB-1.png" group-title="MUSIC",Soul Storm
https://xumo-redbox.ott-channels.stingray.com/134/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.camtel.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Stingray_Music_Vert_RGB-1.png" group-title="MUSIC",Karaoke
https://samsung-au.ott-channels.stingray.com/karaoke/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.camtel.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Stingray_Music_Vert_RGB-1.png" group-title="MUSIC",Exitos Del Momentos
https://ott-linear-channels.stingray.com/hls/stirr/190.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.camtel.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Stingray_Music_Vert_RGB-1.png" group-title="MUSIC",Steelbird Music 720p
http://cdn25.live247stream.com/steelbirdmusic/tv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fD7wLka.jpg" group-title="MUSIC",9XM
http://d2q8p4pe5spbak.cloudfront.net/bpk-tv/9XM/9XM.isml/9XM-audio_208482_und=208000-video=877600.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3GBgEQD.png" group-title="MUSIC",Maleo
http://stream1.ninmedia.tv:1935/maleo/udp.stream_360p/playlist.m3u8


///// TV INDONESIA /////

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",TVRI SPORTS
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRI4)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8
http://eroz84.wap.sh/local/tvri_sport.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-country="ID" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1252514203799220224/FY5oXfOm_400x400.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",TRANS 7(detik)
https://video.detik.com/trans7/smil:trans7.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-country="ID" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/841500796311101440/90eaFskg_400x400.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",TRANS TV(detik)
https://video.detik.com/transtv/smil:transtv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Erz.BeritaSatu.id" tvg-name="BeritaSatu" tvg-country="ID" tvg-language="Indonesian" tvg-logo="https://m3u-editor.com/storage/channel-logos/07cd9d90-3cc5-11ea-9aa8-0b5bd3ba261d/92697/14040323.png" tvg-url="" group-title="TV INDONESIA",BeritaSatu(ott)
http://edge.linknetott.swiftserve.com/live/BsNew/amlst:beritasatunewsbs/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-country="ID" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1268802866568806401/nqL8otRC_400x400.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",CNBC INDONESIA
https://live.cnbcindonesia.com/livecnbc/smil:cnbctv.smil/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-country="ID" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/669793728970682369/CaHHKPMc_400x400.png" group-title="TV INDONESIA",CNN INDONESIA
https://live.cnnindonesia.com/livecnn/smil:cnntv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",Garuda tv
https://ms.digdaya.tv/live/digdayatv/chunklist_w1940629469.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",RRI NET
http://36.89.47.217:11935/rrinet/live/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",Jakarta Globe News Channel
http://edge.linknetott.swiftserve.com/live/BsNew/amlst:bsenglish/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",THE INDONESIA CHANNEL
https://wowzaprod236-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/1019903/7dd4cf51/7dd4cf51_1_1400000/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",UGTV
https://cdn.gunadarma.ac.id/streams/ugtv/ingestugtv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",TV PARLEMEN
http://103.16.220.69:1935/golive/livestream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",Jogja TV
http://202.169.224.76:1935/tv/jitv/eroz_brebes.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",TATV SOLO
http://video2.onlivestreaming.net/tatv/live.sdp/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",Banten Raya TV
https://v2.siar.us/barayatv/live/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",ADiTV
http://aditv.onlivestreaming.net/aditv/livestream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",Badar TV
https://e1.siar.us/badartv/live/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",TVKU
http://103.30.1.14:8080/hls/live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",BMSTV
http://bmstv.onlivestreaming.net/bmstv/livestream/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",CTV Banten
http://103.23.201.170:1935/live/livestream/lihattv.m3u8?
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",PRIMA TV
http://primatv.onlivestreaming.net/primatv/livestream/chunks.m3u8?
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",TV DESA
http://wowza58.indostreamserver.com:1935/tvdesa/live/chunklist_w373715534.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",SAKTI TV
http://video2.onlivestreaming.net/saktitv/livestream/chunks.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",Duta TV
https://v2.siar.us/dutatv/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",ANTV
https://cdn4.mbahnunungonline.net/m3u8/loc/3/b630a001384603f.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",MNCTV SD
https://cdn4.mbahnunungonline.net/m3u8/loc/3/d9bbf6929ec1028.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",INEWS
https://cdn4.mbahnunungonline.net/m3u8/loc/3/2f760b7cf8286be.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",Rtv
https://dl.dropbox.com/s/kreu9nxa4ucy408/590642f0a31efa3.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",JGO
http://edge.linknetott.swiftserve.com/live/BsNew/amlst:bsenglish/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",Bandung TV
http://202.150.153.254/bandungtv720p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",RUAITV
https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/ywehdny1dyqvgai/ruaitv.m3u8?dl=0
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",KOMPAS TV
https://tv.mbahnunungonline.net/playlist/kompastv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",NUSANTARA TV
https://v6.siar.us/nusantaratv/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",iNews asia
https://d2e1asnsl7br7b.cloudfront.net/7782e205e72f43aeb4a48ec97f66ebbe/index_4.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",Arirang TV
http://amdlive-ch01.ctnd.com.edgesuite.net/arirang_1ch/smil:arirang_1ch.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",CNN Int
https://cnn-cnninternational-1-gb.samsung.wurl.com/manifest/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",Ariana News
https://d10rltuy0iweup.cloudfront.net/ATNNEWS/myStream/chunklist_w796472816.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",gtvod
http://cdn1.live-tv.od.ua:8081/a1od/gtvod-abr/a1od/gtvod-720p/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",CNA
https://d2e1asnsl7br7b.cloudfront.net/7782e205e72f43aeb4a48ec97f66ebbe/index_5.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",BBC EURONEWS
https://euronews-euronews-world-1.roku.wurl.com/manifest/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",ABC News
https://abc-iview-mediapackagestreams-2.akamaized.net/out/v1/6e1cc6d25ec0480ea099a5399d73bc4b/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",Bloomberg Australia
https://liveprodapnortheast.global.ssl.fastly.net/ap1/Channel-APTVqvs-AWS-tokyo-1/Source-APTVqvs-1000-1_live.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",Expo Channel
http://tvsn-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/261837/expo/expo_750.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",Australia Channel
https://abc-iview-mediapackagestreams-2.akamaized.net/out/v1/6e1cc6d25ec0480ea099a5399d73bc4b/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",ADI TV
http://aditv.onlivestreaming.net/aditv/livestream/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",TVMU
http://stream1.ninmedia.tv:1935/tvmu/udp.stream_360p/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",Al Quran Al Kareem
http://cdnamd-hls-globecast.akamaized.net/live/ramdisk/saudi_quran/hls1/saudi_quran-avc1_600000=4-mp4a_41200=1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",AlSunnah Saudi
http://cdnamd-hls-globecast.akamaized.net/live/ramdisk/saudi_sunnah/hls1/saudi_sunnah-avc1_600000=4-mp4a_41200=1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",AL IMAN
http://vs.suaraaliman.com:1935/aliman/HD/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",muadzTV
http://wowza60.indostreamserver.com:1935/muadztv/live/chunklist_123.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",Surau TV
http://119.235.249.58:1935/surautv/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",Iqraa TV
http://iqraac.cdn.mangomolo.com/iqraa/smil:iqraar1.stream.smil/chunklist_b1800000_t64NTc2cA==.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",NIAGA TV
http://119.235.249.58:1935/niagatv/live/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",I AM Channel
http://iamchannel.org:1935/tes/1/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",REFORMED 21 (KRISTEN)
http://edge.linknetott.swiftserve.com/live/BsNew/amlst:reformedch/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",MALEO TV
http://stream1.ninmedia.tv:1935/maleo/udp.stream_360p/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",JOWO
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch101.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",INSANTV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",ASHILLTV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch2.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",SURAUTV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch3.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",AHSANTV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch4.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",MUADZTV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch5.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",rasyaadTV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch6.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",IzzahTV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch7.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",Hijrah tv
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch8.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",Al-imanTV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch9.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/TYGFHynD/Tv-Ku-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="TV INDONESIA",Niaga tv
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch10.m3u8


//// TVRI /////

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-country="ID" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" group-title="TVRI",TVRI NASIONAL
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRINASIONAL)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-country="ID" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" group-title="TVRI",TVRI DKI JAKARTA
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIDKI)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-country="ID" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" group-title="TVRI",TVRI BUDAYA
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRI3)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI 3 Budaya
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRI3)/Stream(02)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Nasional
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRINasional)/Stream(04)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Jakarta
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIdki)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Yogyakarta
http://118.97.50.107/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIYOGYAKARTA)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Bandung
http://118.97.50.107/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIJABARBANDUNG)/Stream(02)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Aceh
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIAceh)/Stream(02)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Bali
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIbali)/Stream(02)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Bengkulu
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIbengkulu)/Stream(02)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Jambi
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIjambi)/Stream(02)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Jawa Barat
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIjabarbandung)/Stream(02)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Jawa Tengah
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIjatengsemarang)/Stream(02)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Jawa Timur
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIjatimsurabaya)/Stream(02)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Kalbar
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIkalbar)/Stream(02)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Kalsel
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIKalselbanjarmsn)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Kaltim
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIkaltimsamarinda)/Stream(02)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Kalteng
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIKalteng)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Lampung
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIlampung)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Papua
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIpapua)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Riau
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIriau)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Sulsel Makasar
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIsulselmakasar)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Sulteng Palu
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIsultengpalu)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Sulut Manado
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIsulutmanado)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TVRI"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wIh3qZo.png" , TVRI Sumatra Selatan
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIsumsel)/Stream(01)/index.m3u8


///// MAXSTREAM /////

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",Magna Channel
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(85534711-b312-4ed5-8832-6fe000e8fb86)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",Channel 4U
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(81b456ab-b398-4d35-ae05-9be0a173ad71)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",Rodja TV
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(6f7158e4-f151-45dd-874f-e02c15c7cd4b)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",Jak TV
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(7a73ed02-e0de-4df1-8da3-5abfd75f24bd)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",Digione Maxstream
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(d2f582be-366c-4cce-9476-1b524dc854e9)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",Bali TV
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(8e867ae0-b2c0-4968-9f60-a11aee8c0987)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",JTV
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(173d0198-bcba-4a48-ae2b-1b2f5a147824)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",Hi Indo Channel
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(0b50f52d-2491-4050-81dd-79045ddcfb34)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",MTATV
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(b3673fde-4acd-4f1d-95a5-a204d62545ac)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",The Indonesia Channel
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(20baf7aa-fd51-480f-87b3-dc4198090e86)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",Usee Photo
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(f1b6e507-d639-4d66-858a-e457d55ddbb2)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",Usee Prime
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(18564c27-ff44-4d62-9fab-dcb417fcb93f)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",MCC
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(9430f215-8ccb-4322-affd-6dbc97e259bd)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",Ruang Trampil
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(2b945e2e-4297-4be9-9a45-aa023c890e13)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",MAX2U
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(a255dd49-dc2a-464b-8623-6ef4556dff11)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",Rajawali TV
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(41869351-4a9c-4e57-b54b-8cf5dfc919e1)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",Kplus
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(6278b166-9632-42c3-b6e9-226edc1d3da6)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",TechStorm
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(abe4ead2-1a88-4330-9f41-382fcf94bba2)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",Metro TV
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(bd164a95-722d-40db-a596-687c8123f197)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",SEA Today
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(9ce3f094-4044-467e-84b7-b684a49571d5)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",Kompas TV
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(dc9040ad-a4e1-4d08-883c-a65542b69602)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",Dunia Games TV
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(ec41a5e2-09e4-431d-b92e-383fa7abe25c)/manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MAXSTREAM",TV Edukasi
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(62c29969-78fa-4754-bf97-6cfcb1d29f81)/manifest.mpd


///// USEETV /////

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="USEETV",C.DRAMA
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=cdrama
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="USEETV",MY_CINEMA
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=mycinema
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="USEETV",MY_CINEMA_ASIA
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=mycinemaasia
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="USEETV",GALAXY
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=galaxy
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="USEETV",GALAXY_PREMIUM
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=galaxypremium
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="USEETV",SCM
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=scm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="USEETV",ROCK_EXTREME
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=rockextreme
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="USEETV",TECHSTRORM
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=techstorm
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="USEETV",ROCK_ENTERTAIND
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=rock
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="USEETV",DUNIA_ANAK
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=duniaanak
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="USEETV",DREAMWORK
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=dreamworks
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="USEETV",HOREE
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=horee
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NjvxX3pL/Usee-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="USEETV",IMC
https://indositusx.com/link/use.m3u8?id=imc

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_ruangtrampil_big.png?v=2.0.1.16" group-title="USEETV",RuangTrampil_USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=979d472a84804b9f647bc185a877a8b5268ef7e5a44f541a7cbde7626ef57566
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_useephoto_big.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",UseePhoto_USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=ca46c1b9512a7a8315fa3c5a946e8265268ef7e5a44f541a7cbde7626ef57566
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_useeprime_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",UseePrime_USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=fbd7939d674997cdb4692d34de8633c4268ef7e5a44f541a7cbde7626ef57566
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_tvri_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",TVRI_USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=c74d97b01eae257e44aa9d5bade97baf268ef7e5a44f541a7cbde7626ef57566
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_kompastv_big.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",KompasTV_USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=9bf31c7ff062936a96d3c8bd1f8f2ff3268ef7e5a44f541a7cbde7626ef57566
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_net_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",Net._USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=d82c8d1619ad8176d665453cfb2e55f0268ef7e5a44f541a7cbde7626ef57566
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_rtv_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",Rajawali_TV_USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=aab3238922bcc25a6f606eb525ffdc56268ef7e5a44f541a7cbde7626ef57566
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_rri_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",RRI_NET_USEETV
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=38db3aed920cf82ab059bfccbd02be6a268ef7e5a44f541a7cbde7626ef57566
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_trans7_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",Trans7_USEETV
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=3416a75f4cea9109507cacd8e2f2aefc268ef7e5a44f541a7cbde7626ef57566
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_transtv_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",TransTV_USEETV
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=d645920e395fedad7bbbed0eca3fe2e0268ef7e5a44f541a7cbde7626ef57566
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_antara_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",Antara_USEETV
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=68d30a9594728bc39aa24be94b319d21268ef7e5a44f541a7cbde7626ef57566
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_balitv_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",Bali_TV_USEETV
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=33e75ff09dd601bbe69f351039152189268ef7e5a44f541a7cbde7626ef57566
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_beritasatu_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",BeritaSatu_USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=1ff1de774005f8da13f42943881c655f268ef7e5a44f541a7cbde7626ef57566
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_jaktv_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",JakTV_USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=1c383cd30b7c298ab50293adfecb7b18268ef7e5a44f541a7cbde7626ef57566
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_jtv_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",JTV_USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=6ea9ab1baa0efb9e19094440c317e21b268ef7e5a44f541a7cbde7626ef57566
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_tvedukasi_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",TV Edukasi_USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=6f4922f45568161a8cdf4ad2299f6d23268ef7e5a44f541a7cbde7626ef57566
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_daaitv_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",Daai_TV_USEETV
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=54229abfcfa5649e7003b83dd4755294268ef7e5a44f541a7cbde7626ef57566
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_nusantaratv_big.png?v=1.1" group-title="USEETV",Nusantara_TV_USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=fe73f687e5bc5280214e0486b273a5f9268ef7e5a44f541a7cbde7626ef57566
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_mykids_big.png" group-title="USEETV",My_Kids_USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=5737c6ec2e0716f3d8a7a5c4e0de0d9af93fb3c9879684db94f7af38b446022a
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_chinesedrama_big.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",Chinese_Drama_USEETV
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=c24cd76e1ce41366a4bbe8a49b02a028f93fb3c9879684db94f7af38b446022a
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_cgtndocumentary_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",CGTN Documentary_USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=9f61408e3afb633e50cdf1b20de6f466f93fb3c9879684db94f7af38b446022a
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_arirang_big.png" group-title="USEETV",Arirang_USEETV
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=07cdfd23373b17c6b337251c22b7ea57f93fb3c9879684db94f7af38b446022a
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_cctv4_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",CCTV4_USEETV
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=b53b3a3d6ab90ce0268229151c9bde11f93fb3c9879684db94f7af38b446022a
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_nhkworld_big.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",nhk world Japan_USEETV
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=c9e1074f5b3f9fc8ea15d152add07294f93fb3c9879684db94f7af38b446022a
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_seatoday_big.png?v=1" group-title="USEETV", SEAToday_USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=6faa8040da20ef399b63a72d0e4ab575dfdded94c48ea6229c48edefa9ec1c9f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_metrotv_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",MetroTV_USEETV
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=d3d9446802a44259755d38e6d163e820dfdded94c48ea6229c48edefa9ec1c9f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_idx_big.png" group-title="USEETV",IDX_USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=1700002963a49da13542e0726b7bb758dfdded94c48ea6229c48edefa9ec1c9f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_dwtv_big.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",DW(English)_USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=093f65e080a295f8076b1c5722a46aa2dfdded94c48ea6229c48edefa9ec1c9f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_france24_big.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",France 24_USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=e4a6222cdb5b34375400904f03d8e6a5dfdded94c48ea6229c48edefa9ec1c9f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_trtworld_small.png?coday" group-title="USEETV",TRT World_USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=a666587afda6e89aec274a3657558a27dfdded94c48ea6229c48edefa9ec1c9f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_euronews_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",Euronews_USEETV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=7f39f8317fbdb1988ef4c628eba02591dfdded94c48ea6229c48edefa9ec1c9f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_tvmui_big.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",MUI TV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=cb70ab375662576bd1ac5aaf16b3fca4dfdded94c48ea6229c48edefa9ec1c9f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_tv9_big.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",TV9 NU 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=9188905e74c28e489b44e954ec0b9bcadfdded94c48ea6229c48edefa9ec1c9f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_uchannel_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",UChannel 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=f0935e4cd5920aa6c7c996a5ee53a70fdfdded94c48ea6229c48edefa9ec1c9f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_alquran_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",AlQuran Kareem
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=98f13708210194c475687be6106a3b84dfdded94c48ea6229c48edefa9ec1c9f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_tawaftv_big.png" group-title="USEETV",Tawaf TV
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=ef0d3930a7b6c95bd2b32ed45989c61fdfdded94c48ea6229c48edefa9ec1c9f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_mqtv_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",MQTV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=37693cfc748049e45d87b8c7d8b9aacddfdded94c48ea6229c48edefa9ec1c9f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_mtatv_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",MTATV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=e369853df766fa44e1ed0ff613f563bddfdded94c48ea6229c48edefa9ec1c9f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_muhammadiyahtv_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",Muhammadiyah TV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=34173cb38f07f89ddbebc2ac9128303fdfdded94c48ea6229c48edefa9ec1c9f
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_rodjatv_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="USEETV",Rodja TV 
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=6c8349cc7260ae62e3b1396831a8398fdfdded94c48ea6229c48edefa9ec1c9f


///// VIDIO /////

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/h4HA0ano6axInD4t4JKYrB-ZjQU=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/6684/61417f.png" group-title="VIDIO", Citra Bioskop 
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/DM7OCNvYsQEIq5fJ2uW-M8vynaM=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/6401/5b4d40.png" group-title="VIDIO", Citra Drama
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-2.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/WNbrafkmcf64UM-5pniUG-xObcI=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/7916/1439f9.png" group-title="VIDIO", LiverpoolTV
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-3.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/EOkH5JDfHzAnCeGKEXiY12G36Qw=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/7052/63032e.png" group-title="VIDIO", Hip Hip horee (Kids)
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-4.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/lfyNbk-BG70u8ahFpO9I0HhV3bM=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/6397/d422cd.png" group-title="VIDIO", Horee (Kids)
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-5.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/uPRFvIIkgDkbWnzmPaUTTEBdbQU=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/6685/5add43.png" group-title="VIDIO", Champions 1 PRO LIGA
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-6.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/czBGyoVEbdU5E64ZH88sgEfmWXg=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/6686/14270d.png" group-title="VIDIO", Champions 2
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-7.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/RoE6gTfzYNnm1APnwvK_Bi7j_-Y=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/6786/d2ebc5.png" group-title="VIDIO", Champions 3
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-8.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/D4GTpWPusVe1PG-5HGUIdusQJEE=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/6678/154a43.png" group-title="VIDIO", Citra Muslim
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-9.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/gsBHScMlFr9Qjcyst7nIXpN0NRY=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/6587/8742fe.png" group-title="VIDIO", Citra Dangdut
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-10.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/UUZI9Ih5jMJPQ-xhdAkjSwlxOjE=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/6402/ff0f7a.png" group-title="VIDIO", Citra Entertainment
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-11.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/IRVkD3QGRzroJ4IZzXBpS-0MRls=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/782/e1af8b.png" group-title="VIDIO", ANTV
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-12.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i0.wp.com/ytimg.googleusercontent.com/vi/UbfEb2wNylY/hqdefault.jpg" group-title="VIDIO", TV ONE
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-13.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/GydAc8ocolWIwQ2A_1xFv0iQ3GM=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/7464/e69965.png" group-title="VIDIO", AJWA TV(MUSLIM
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-14.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/qLM_eiSoObcMQdjBbDMf98BT-0A=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/6399/84f7c4.png" group-title="VIDIO", Zee Bioskop
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-15.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/TjMKXqjCDGF1uqycTxG-Os7E87E=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/6362/dcd434.png" group-title="VIDIO", TVN 
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-16.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/UOL9NQc5v1QfYm28MNjdngCEb-A=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/7953/448640.png" group-title="VIDIO", CHAMPIONS 4
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-17.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Ochannel.id" tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/Oi4K0Zef5RaOK9DF2_eiiYDtOtE=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/206/67385c.png" group-title="VIDIO", O Channel liga 1
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-18.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/Pf8yLSfHEUZeRI9tUzLDR2U8Zow=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/874/042ca3.png" group-title="VIDIO", KOMPAS TV
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-19.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/cStgoV5oqj2Om_6NMOzK0AFY-sg=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/1561/665aea.png" group-title="VIDIO", RTV
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-20.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/U_IGCAIYKlWKqw2F-KpF_z5BS4U=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/8241/2d8b11.jpg" group-title="VIDIO", RANS ENTERTAINMENT
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-21.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/59CZO-IVdps6hUK6gEQqn-w-bCw=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/8237/18585d.png" group-title="VIDIO", MENTARI TV (KIDS)
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-22.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/u0aa_S_rQeujrp5eR6LwXdertrI=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/777/ea8483.png" group-title="VIDIO", METRO TV
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-23.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/kH-K9J4cROqL0TZrAyQhw7P5pBk=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/204/4e9f5c.png" group-title="VIDIO", SCTV 
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-24.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/vQdbJZqHtzPPXckjO0Hy8yy-3_0=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/6533/f6c9c0.png" group-title="VIDIO", ZooMoo
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-25.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/I6siEUUN1ga4mYcu0Ysr9BlHeH4=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/7619/379f71.png" group-title="VIDIO", Musica 
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-26.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/h4_liAs26AgQ4JyYNzN1iBUeAsA=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/7946/9e2b5e.jpg" group-title="VIDIO", Tempo Tv
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-27.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/zoTQ5koMRNQ7fPGNohERuI7n2nc=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/8638/3ec1bf.jpg" group-title="VIDIO", Radio Tmn Nagaswara 
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-28.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/sxf8qFMVElTkCFqM1DxBTGPOrhk=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/7684/761fe4.jpg" group-title="VIDIO", Rama Fm Bandung
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-29.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/-MEB2a6J4sB6SvBDimCb7JYP6WY=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/734/131514.png" group-title="VIDIO", Trans 7
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-30.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/__j35q7LPpcS2EgkR7v8GpE4USQ=/230x230/filters:quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/733/ecaa60.png" group-title="VIDIO", Trans TV
http://tvn.x10.bz/xchannel/master-31.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/cV7suiKWlj2Bj0Igw03BOf5VCvw=/112x112/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/204/4e9f5c.png" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] SCTV _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",SCTV_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=274ad4786c3abca69fa097b85867d9a4446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/FpGpG_N1noubGtSI38Ek1bo0pf8=/112x112/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/782/e1af8b.png" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] ANTV _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",ANTV_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=72da7fd6d1302c0a159f6436d01e9eb0446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/1gl_OViRhInfE1_Scn6ve40g7FY=/112x112/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/205/54ab19.png" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] Indosiar _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",Indosiar_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=eae27d77ca20db309e056e3d2dcd7d69446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/GR_UBfQpa8xxCbFYptSZ3egm-kU=/112x112/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/875/cfcc85.png" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] NET TV _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",NET_TV_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=4b0a59ddf11c58e7446c9df0da541a84446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/LbunykRPWkmRYi-RN4xt9EMf9_E=/112x112/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/783/d658d0.png" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] TVOne _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",TVOne_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=6e0721b2c6977135b916ef286bcb49ec446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/I5QlX5A46bifAC7ib269aQhzP3Q=/112x112/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/733/ecaa60.png" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] TRANS TV _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",TRANS_TV_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=6c29793a140a811d0c45ce03c1c93a28446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/ksy91mCjoKvOD2anneLgskaBLRA=/112x112/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/734/131514.png" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] Trans7 _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",Trans7_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=e995f98d56967d946471af29d7bf99f1446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/SxXl0u9ZB4a2sj63W-PaDtqmMNA=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/5415/jaktv-tv-stream-a705ed.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] Kabar Misteri _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",JAK_TV_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=3891b14b5d8cce2fdd8dcdb4ded28f6d446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/ydRJrj3WJ-ycS2KJw19CZn6XQkg=/112x112/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/777/ea8483.png" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] Metro TV _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",MetroTV_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=f1c1592588411002af340cbaedd6fc33446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/0qrOZySm_gYRMK5VNsh9RKQAzzc=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/874/kompas-tv-a3cbc6.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] Indonesia Update _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",KOMPAS_TV_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=51ef186e18dc00c2d31982567235c559446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/q2tpT2-AjDqonv5M-q5SxihUuDw=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/6441/tvri-tv-stream-f6cbb3.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] Klik Indonesia Malam _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",TVRI_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=0b07c4aabfdc28bb8236e195c401e1b2446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/My9mYFmho6-FO2QdNmslYUbEH7k=/112x112/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/square_image/1561/665aea.png" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] RTV _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",RTV_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=b132ecc1609bfcf302615847c1caa69a446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/uzRqOU9N2dIrniO-0LJpDkbBUEk=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/6165/beritasatu-5fa119.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] Connect 360 _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",BERITA_SATU_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=36452e720502e4da486d2f9f6b48a7bb446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/wxGl9W6CSExkpP07PKDkY2xyZKg=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/6711/mytv-tv-stream-a36d9f.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] TBA _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",MY_TV_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=50982fb2f2cfa186d335310461dfa2be446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/uVFSoTESS5e1aejpa34oI2a8a_g=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/6166/oshop-tv-stream-c16bc3.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] OShop _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",OShop_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=4249a84bdaf63c34332d1988244fb089446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/WPWZbvGP8QAtCzAxNhvRp9E-J18=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/7619/musica-e98c30.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] MUSICA _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",MUSICA_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=6869efe03b7fbef3b001dc15804bc826446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/J2XyRjB9l6ZpDQGkdWPBSYn1-5s=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/8241/rans-channel-2a6db6.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] RANS Channel _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",RANS_Channel_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=1e00746ce7635c403c2d4f9767893f00446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/z2gl2uUHI4OzdAWuUYEruLNzux4=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/7230/magna-tv-c3b724.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] Magna TV _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",Magna_TV_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=f0b76267fbe12b936bd65e203dc675c1446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/lXR0RNo_sOsVOxIs_3bKHkY9KyY=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/8237/mentari-tv-b64c27.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] Samufly _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",MENTARI_TV_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=7dd2ae7db7d18ee7c9425e38df1af5e2446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/8Uruoktf9WtjEmoF2vFgyuC9paM=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/6838/tv-edukasi-1c7fd8.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] Kursus _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",TV_EDUKASI_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=9fa83fec3cf3810e5680ed45f7124dce446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/i2UHtnLoP9ZY-p91ZPIS1SNp4Sc=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/7968/nhk-hls-test-6bc2ee.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] NHK Newsline _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",NHK_Newsline_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=9dd30287dc5ffcfb4efb1e0521c3c8f8446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/IQFqKIbeyevKjC8dXu8FXht94HQ=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/5075/dw-english-dbc808.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] DW News _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",DW_News_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=23685a2431acad7789c1e3d43ea1522c446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/D1OrDJQmT6WqfzeDFHGAQoUbJ68=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/7946/tv-tempo-ed7796.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] TV Tempo _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",TV_Tempo_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=5d188b044333b4c62676e0d4f53dade7446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/cqM8vf1xK3YG5E3XF4DiuQ6LxR0=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/6898/u-channel-tv-cd4f34.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] Positive Hits _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",U_Channel_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=76383b34503afb0508f8364787c55800446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/lx7oUbYJydZuOl0kpvxEbnTzT6o=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/6482/daai-tv-stream-6dc185.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] TBA _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",DAAI_TV_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=889091ff744069cab08dc605d162a8d3446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/z4x2PkBTzTivB-VIK84936zZZVU=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/7432/nusantara-tv-6e9626.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] Movie _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",NUSANTARA_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=48bea99c85bcbaaba618ba10a6f69e44446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/zFF27-zkkhoh0pah3JqUjG8ItDM=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/7464/ajwa-tv-9e9e9e.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] 30 Hari 30 Juz _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",AJWA_TV_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=7bd66825e9a97424ffe5645549270832446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/uyQ4DSnHtTWmJQD9OTs5liQDeBs=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/6852/al-quran-al-kareem-tv-62095c.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] Al Quran Al Kareem TV _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",AlQuran_AlKareem_TV _VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=6e96be832cf8bc6b35a956e8fb66c76a446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumbor.prod.vid.id/hoS6Jo9rM8wie723mTleODvZjCo=/640x360/filters:strip_icc():quality(70)/vidio-web-prod-livestreaming/uploads/livestreaming/image/6853/reformed-21-tv-b1db6d.jpg" tvg-id=".SHINTA" tvg-name"[CODAY] Khotbah _VIDIO" group-title="VIDIO",REFORMED_21_VIDIO
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=f26ecc6e3bc7f5e9c8cf23a7c7a315dd446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/13VJcC8t/Video-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="VIDIO",RCTI_plus(dec=native)
https://lnk.ec/RCTIplus?shareext.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/13VJcC8t/Video-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="VIDIO",MNCTV_plus(dec=native)
https://lnk.ec/MNCTVplus?shareext.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/13VJcC8t/Video-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="VIDIO",INEWS_plus(dec=native)
https://lnk.ec/INEWSplus?shareext.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/13VJcC8t/Video-Share-Ext-Group.jpg" group-title="VIDIO",GTV_plus(dec=native)
https://lnk.ec/GTVplus?shareext.m3u8


///// RADIO /////

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7004.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Prambors
http://onlineradiobox.com/json/id/prambors/play
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7184.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Ardan FM
#https://iptv.mwafa.net/vidio/7184/index.m3u8?token=3394
http://onlineradiobox.com/json/id/ardan/play
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7188.jpg" group-title="RADIO",MGTRADIO
http://stream.radbdg.net:8000/mgtradio.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7166.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Elshinta FM
http://onlineradiobox.com/json/id/elshinta/play
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7057.jpg" group-title="RADIO",I Radio
http://stream.radiojar.com/4ywdgup3bnzuv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7055.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Trax FM
http://onlineradiobox.com/json/id/trax/play
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7056.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Cosmopolitan FM
http://n02.radiojar.com/u7d8heq3bnzuv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.onlineradiobox.com/img/l/8/19108.v6.png" group-title="RADIO",V RADIO
http://202.147.199.100:8000/;stream.nsv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7054.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Brava FM
http://onlineradiobox.com/json/id/brava/play
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7053.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Hard Rock FM
http://onlineradiobox.com/json/id/hardrockjakarta/play
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7130.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Female FM
http://onlineradiobox.com/json/id/female/play
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7092.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Delta FM
http://onlineradiobox.com/json/id/deltafm/play
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7091.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Bahana FM

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7218.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Sushi Radio
http://onlineradiobox.com/json/id/sushi/play
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7170.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Elmitra FM

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7169.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Elgangga FM
http://onlineradiobox.com/json/id/sushi/play
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7216.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Geronimo FM
http://live2.indostreamserver.com:8018/;
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7242.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Dahlia FM

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7248.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Swaragama Fm

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7281.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Imelda FM

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7283.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Swara Semarang

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7284.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Gajah Mada FM

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://choos.wap.sh/images/radio/7297.jpg" group-title="RADIO",Radio Cakra

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.dropbox.com/s/0cbwjhiv843lila/Gen_FM.png?dl=1" group-title="RADIO",Gen FM
http://103.246.184.62:1935/noice_genfm/genfm/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.dropbox.com/s/0cbwjhiv843lila/Gen_FM.png?dl=1" group-title="RADIO",Gen FM 103.1
https://iptv.mwafa.net/vidio/7446/index.m3u8?token=3394
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.dropbox.com/s/klyuqqlwew3kzb4/Hot_fm_jkt.png?dl=1" group-title="RADIO",HOT FM

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.dropbox.com/s/fqdznsunlxtcgzs/JAKFM.png?dl=1" group-title="RADIO",JAK FM
http://103.246.184.62:1935/noice_jakfm/jakfm/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.onlineradiobox.com/img/l/6/91316.v14.png" group-title="RADIO",SLOW FM
http://onlineradiobox.com/json/id/slow/play
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.onlineradiobox.com/img/l/0/106040.v5.png" group-title="RADIO",KIS ROCK
http://onlineradiobox.com/json/id/kisrock/play
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.dropbox.com/s/qq9n8ojtec3m9fa/KIS-95.1-FM.jpg?dl=1" group-title="RADIO",KIS FM
http://103.246.184.62:1935/noice_kisfm/kisfm/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.dropbox.com/s/ehy1c45c2l8z543/MOSTRADIO.png?dl=1" group-title="RADIO",MOST RADIO
http://103.246.184.62:1935/noice_mostfm/mostfm/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.dropbox.com/s/5g6wgbq9xwgsrw8/MUSTANG.png?dl=1" group-title="RADIO",MUSTANG
http://103.246.184.62:1935/noice_mustangfm/mustangfm/playlist.m3u8


///// DENS TV /////

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Live Streaming 1
http://rr3.dens.tv/s/s100/live.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Live_Streaming_1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Live Streaming 2
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h998/live.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Live_Streaming_2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", DensPlay
http://group1-swiftservesd-1.dens.tv/s/s37/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=DensPlay
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", DENS Life & Style
http://rr1.dens.tv/h/h28/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=DENS_Life_n_Style
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Dens Learning & Knowledge
http://rr3.dens.tv/s/s36/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Dens_Learning_n_Knowledge
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Dens ShowBiz
http://rr3.dens.tv/s/s35/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Dens_ShowBiz
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Dens Food Channel
http://rr3.dens.tv/s/s50/live.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Dens_Food_Channel_Trial-
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Metro TV
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h12/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Metro_TV
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", tvOne
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s105/index3.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=tvOne
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Kompas TV
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s104/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Kompas_TV
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", BeritaSatu
http://edge.linknetott.swiftserve.com/live/BsNew/amlst:beritasatunewsbs/chunklist_b1128000.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=BeritaSatu
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", SCTV
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s03/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=SCTV
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Indosiar
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s04/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Indosiar
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Trans TV
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s05/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Trans_TV
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Trans7
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h11/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Trans7
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", antv
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s07/index3.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=antv
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", NET.
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s08/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=NET.
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", RTV
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s12/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=RTV
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Elshinta TV
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s10/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Elshinta_TV
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", MYTV
http://rr3.dens.tv/s/s88/index2.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=MYTV
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", O Channel
http://rr3.dens.tv/s/s73/index2.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=O_Channel_Trial-
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", TVRI
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s11/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=TVRI
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Jak tv
http://rr3.dens.tv/s/s46/index2.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Jak_tv_Trial-
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", RodjaTV
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s14/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=RodjaTV
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", DAAI TV
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s13/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=DAAI_TV
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", U-Channel
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s41/index2.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=U-Channel
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", CNA
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h29/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=CNA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", NHK WORLD-JAPAN
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h23/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=NHK_WORLD-JAPAN
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Al Jazeera English
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s17/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Al_Jazeera_English
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", TRT World
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h156/index2.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=TRT_World
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", WION (World is One News)
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h91/index2.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=WION
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", UA TV
http://group1-swiftservehd-1.dens.tv/h/h101/index2.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=UA%7CTV
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Al Jazeera Arabic
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s16/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Al_Jazeera_Arabic
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", CCTV-4
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s19/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=CCTV-4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", France 24
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s22/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=France_24
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", TV5MONDE ASIE
http://rr1.dens.tv/s/s24/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=TV5MONDE_ASIE
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", DW TV
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s26/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=DW-TV
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", TBN (Trinity Broadcasting
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s39/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=TBN
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", CGTN Documentary
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s20/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=CGTN_Documentary
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Quran TV
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s28/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Quran_TV
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Sunna TV
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s27/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Sunna_TV
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", eGG
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h22/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=eGG_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", ANIPLUS
http://rr1.dens.tv/h/h02/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=ANIPLUS_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Animax
http://rr1.dens.tv/h/h144/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Animax_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", My Kidz
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h191/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Kidz_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Kids Channel - Toonz Kids
http://rr3.dens.tv/s/s81/01.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Kids_Channel_-_Toonz_Kids_Trial-
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", HITS
http://rr1.dens.tv/h/h37/index1.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=HITS_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", AXN
http://rr1.dens.tv/h/h141/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=AXN_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", ROCK Entertainment
http://rr1.dens.tv/h/h16/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=ROCK_Entertainment_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", ROCK Extreme
http://rr1.dens.tv/h/h15/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=ROCK_Extreme_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", KIX
http://rr1.dens.tv/h/h07/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=KIX_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", GEM
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h19/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=GEM_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", K-PLUS
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h08/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=K-PLUS_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", ONE
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h143/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=ONE_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", tvN
http://rr1.dens.tv/h/h20/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=tvN_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", tvN Movies
http://rr1.dens.tv/h/h21/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=tvN_Movies_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Celestial Movies
http://rr1.dens.tv/h/h14/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Celestial_Movies
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", CCM (Celestial Classic Movies)
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s31/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=CCM_Celestial_Classic_MV-
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", My Cinema Asia
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h193/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Cinema_Asia
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Zee Bioskop
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s32/index10.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Zee_Bioskop
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Thrill
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s34/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Thrill
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", CinemaWorld
http://rr1.dens.tv/h/h04/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=CinemaWorld_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", My Cinema
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h192/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Cinema_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", My Cinema Europe
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h18/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Cinema_Europe_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", My Family Channel
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h194/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=My_Family_Channel_Trial-
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", TV5MONDE Style
http://rr1.dens.tv/h/h01/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=TV5MONDE_Style_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Jazz Channel - Qwest
http://group1-swiftservehd-1.dens.tv/h/h94/01.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Jazz_Channel_-_Qwest_Trial-
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", FIGHT SPORTS
http://rr1.dens.tv/h/h05/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=FIGHT_SPORTS_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Motorvision TV
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h09/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Motorvision_TV_HD
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" group-title="DENS TV" tvg-logo="", Bloomberg Television
http://rr1.dens.tv/h/h03/index.m3u8?app_type=web&userid=50n13N0v14nd1&tkn=829341hrjhaq0q30q&chname=Bloomberg_Television_HD


///// MANDARIN CINEMA /////

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",邵氏老电影
https://cn-jxnc-cmcc-live-02.bilivideo.com/live-bvc/817178/live_97065163_17925468.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",喜剧电影
http://hpull.kktv8.com/livekktv/99592190/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",女神影院
http://hpull.kktv8.com/livekktv/99350550/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",开心影院
http://hpull.kktv8.com/livekktv/128600025/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",科幻怪兽
http://hpull.kktv8.com/livekktv/143960119/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",少女可乐橙
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/20415rnWbjg6Ex1K_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",进击の神乐
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/122402rK7MO9bXSq_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",斗鱼电影
http://dyscdnali1.douyucdn.cn/live/3637778raLSXdOdu.flv?uuid=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",萌小鬼
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/3928r9p0BHMDG_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",进击的神乐
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/85894rmovieChow_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",經典1
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/3637765rrt97QwBF.flv?uuid=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",經典2
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/3637726rQLDdfto7.flv?uuid=


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://liquipedia.net/commons/images/5/57/DouyuLOGO.png" group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA", Douyu Movie 3
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn:80/live/dyliveflv3/20415rnWbjg6Ex1K_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://liquipedia.net/commons/images/5/57/DouyuLOGO.png" group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA", Douyu Movie 5
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn:80/live/dyliveflv3/122402rK7MO9bXSq_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://liquipedia.net/commons/images/5/57/DouyuLOGO.png" group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA", Douyu Movie 6
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn:80/live/dyliveflv3/3637778raLSXdOdu_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://liquipedia.net/commons/images/5/57/DouyuLOGO.png" group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",一起看萌小鬼
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/3928r9p0BHMDG_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://liquipedia.net/commons/images/5/57/DouyuLOGO.png" group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",一起看进击的神乐
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/85894rmovieChow_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://liquipedia.net/commons/images/5/57/DouyuLOGO.png" group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",一起看少女可乐橙
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/20415rnWbjg6Ex1K_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://liquipedia.net/commons/images/5/57/DouyuLOGO.png" group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",一起看进击の神
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/122402rK7MO9bXSq_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://liquipedia.net/commons/images/5/57/DouyuLOGO.png" group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",萌小鬼
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/3928r9p0BHMDG_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://liquipedia.net/commons/images/5/57/DouyuLOGO.png" group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",进击的神乐
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/85894rmovieChow_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://liquipedia.net/commons/images/5/57/DouyuLOGO.png" group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",少女可乐橙
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/20415rnWbjg6Ex1K_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://liquipedia.net/commons/images/5/57/DouyuLOGO.png" group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",进击の神乐
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/122402rK7MO9bXSq_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1   tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",MMOVIES12(dec=auto)
http://dl.zhoujie218.top/dl/youku.php?id=8031580
#EXTINF:-1   tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",MMOVIES13(dec=auto)
http://dl.zhoujie218.top/dl/youku.php?id=8027873
#EXTINF:-1   tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",MMOVIES14(dec=auto)
http://dl.zhoujie218.top/dl/youku.php?id=8031574
#EXTINF:-1   tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",MMOVIES15(dec=auto)
http://dl.zhoujie218.top/dl/youku.php?id=8020409
#EXTINF:-1   tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",MMOVIES16(dec=auto)
http://dl.zhoujie218.top/dl/youku.php?id=8020410
#EXTINF:-1   tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",MMOVIES17(dec=auto)
http://dl.zhoujie218.top/dl/youku.php?id=8020408
#EXTINF:-1   tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",MMOVIES18(dec=auto)
http://dl.zhoujie218.top/dl/youku.php?id=8035190
#EXTINF:-1   tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/8C3TkKc3/TVKUSHAREEXT.png" group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",MMOVIES19(dec=auto)
http://dl.zhoujie218.top/dl/youku.php?id=8031577
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",Douyu204
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/20415rnWbjg6Ex1K_2000.flv?uuid=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",小叮噹
https://cn-hbyc2-dx-live-01.bilivideo.com/live-bvc/672651/live_7981914_1286387.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",經典2
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/3637765rrt97QwBF.flv?uuid=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",經典5
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/3637726rQLDdfto7.flv?uuid=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",DouyuMovie1
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn:80/live/dyliveflv3/20415rnWbjg6Ex1K_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",DouyuMovie2
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn:80/live/dyliveflv3/122402rK7MO9bXSq_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",DouyuMovie3
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn:80/live/dyliveflv3/3637778raLSXdOdu_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",一起看萌小鬼
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/3928r9p0BHMDG_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",一起看进击的神乐
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/85894rmovieChow_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",一起看少女可乐橙
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/20415rnWbjg6Ex1K_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",一起看进击の神
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/122402rK7MO9bXSq_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",萌小鬼
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/3928r9p0BHMDG_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",进击的神乐
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/85894rmovieChow_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",少女可乐橙
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/20415rnWbjg6Ex1K_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",进击の神乐
http://tx2play1.douyucdn.cn/live/122402rK7MO9bXSq_4000p.xs
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",经典好剧
http://hpull.kktv8.com/livekktv/153793844/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",科幻怪兽
http://hpull.kktv8.com/livekktv/143960119/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",喜剧电影
http://hpull.kktv8.com/livekktv/99592190/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",女神影院
http://hpull.kktv8.com/livekktv/99350550/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",斗鱼_电影5
http://dyscdnali1.douyucdn.cn/live/3637778raLSXdOdu.flv?uuid=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",斗鱼_电影6
http://dyscdnali1.douyucdn.cn/live/122402rK7MO9bXSq.flv?uuid=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",斗鱼_电影8
http://dyscdnali1.douyucdn.cn/live/85894rmovieChow.flv?uuid=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",斗鱼_电影14
http://dyscdnali1.douyucdn.cn/live/3637765rrt97QwBF.flv?uuid=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",斗鱼_电影16
http://dyscdnali1.douyucdn.cn/live/3637726rQLDdfto7.flv?uuid=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",斗鱼_电影18
http://dyscdnali1.douyucdn.cn/live/3928r9p0BHMDG.flv?uuid=
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/ZnC0fWcR/Douyu-Huya-Share-Ext-Group.png"group-title="MANDARIN CINEMA",斗鱼_电影21
http://dyscdnali1.douyucdn.cn/live/20415rnWbjg6Ex1K.flv?uuid=


///// MALAYSIA /////

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV1" group-title="MALAYSIA" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/101.png",TV1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rtmklik.rtm.gov.my
https://rtmlive01tv.secureswiftcontent.com/rtmchannel/01-manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV2" group-title="MALAYSIA" tvg-logo="http://playtv.unifi.com.my:7039/CPS/images/universal/film/logo/202002/20200228/20200228032302034uev.png",TV2
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rtmklik.rtm.gov.my
https://rtmlive05tv.secureswiftcontent.com/rtmchannel/05-manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV3" tvg-logo="https://www.xtra.com.my/wp-content/themes/xtra_revamp/assets/img/tv3.png" group-title="MALAYSIA",TV3
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://dailymotion.com
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/samleong123/tonton_dailymotion_php/main/m3u8/TV3.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://udrmv3.kaltura.com/cenc/widevine/license?custom_data=eyJjYV9zeXN0ZW0iOiJPVFQiLCJ1c2VyX3Rva2VuIjowLCJhY2NvdW50X2lkIjoiMjA4MjMxMSIsImNvbnRlbnRfaWQiOiJmdGFfY2g1X2Rhc2hfd2ViX2RybSIsImZpbGVzIjoiMTA5MzgxNTAiLCJ1ZGlkIjoiIiwiYWRkaXRpb25hbF9jYXNfc3lzdGVtIjowfQ==&signature=XxVtXGzoZGI5pzb1eOacEclqzxQ=&

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV5" tvg-logo="https://poster.starhubgo.com/Linear_channels2/102_1920x1080_HTV.png" group-title="MALAYSIA",TV5
https://tglmp02.akamaized.net/out/v1/5081e069e08140c9b95f89a1659cf4dd/manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV6" tvg-logo="https://mediahomes.github.io/logos/tv6.png" group-title="MALAYSIA",TV6
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rtmklik.rtm.gov.my
https://rtmlive07tv.secureswiftcontent.com/rtmchannel/07-manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NTV7" tvg-logo="https://www.xtra.com.my/wp-content/themes/xtra_revamp/assets/img/ntv7.png" group-title="MALAYSIA",NTV 7
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://dailymotion.com
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/samleong123/tonton_dailymotion_php/main/m3u8/DidikTVKPM.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="8TV" tvg-logo="https://www.xtra.com.my/wp-content/themes/xtra_revamp/assets/img/tv8.png" group-title="MALAYSIA",8TV
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://dailymotion.com
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/samleong123/tonton_dailymotion_php/main/m3u8/8TV.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV9" tvg-logo="https://www.xtra.com.my/wp-content/themes/xtra_revamp/assets/img/tv9.png" group-title="MALAYSIA",TV9
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://dailymotion.com
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/samleong123/tonton_dailymotion_php/main/m3u8/TV9.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV Okey" tvg-logo="https://okey.rtm.gov.my/img/logo/okey.png" group-title="MALAYSIA",TV OKEY
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rtmklik.rtm.gov.my
https://rtmlive02tv.secureswiftcontent.com/rtmchannel/02-manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="123" group-title="MALAYSIA" tvg-logo="https://berita.rtm.gov.my/images/logobes.jpg",Berita RTM
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://rtmklik.rtm.gov.my
https://rtmlive03tv.secureswiftcontent.com/rtmchannel/03-manifest.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA",AWANI
https://awanitv.akamaized.net/hls/live/2017836/LiveTV1/index.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=clearkey
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://clearkey-base64-2-hex-json.herokuapp.com/results.php?keyid=612eb711dfb444f7a194c5e20d7f7048&key=b6226449b9ed5066542e6d6ad5ecb346
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MALAYSIA" tvg-id="1003" tvg-chno="1003" tvg-logo="https://static.togglestatic.com/shain/v1/dataservice/ResizeImage/$value?Format='png'&Quality=85&ImageId='2362416'&EntityType='Item'&EntityId='187161'&Width=336&Height=189&ImageUrl='2362416.png'&device='web_browser'&subscriptions='Registered'&segmentationTags='_en,all'&ResizeAction='fill'&HorizontalAlignment='center'&VerticalAlignment='top'",oktolidays
https://tglmp03.akamaized.net/out/v1/be732843b7d24bada23e13810282e55f/manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CHN" group-title="MALAYSIA" tvg-logo="https://baseimages.tonton.com.my/1580295767086_drama_sangat_new.jpg",Drama Sangat
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://dailymotion.com
#http://50.7.161.82:8278/streams/d/dsangat_pye/playlist.m3u8
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/samleong123/tonton_dailymotion_php/main/m3u8/Drama_Sangat.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Z0dyJK7.jpg" group-title="MALAYSIA",TV Ikim
http://edge.vediostream.com/abr/tvikim/live/tvikim_360p/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="naura.my" tvg-name="ASTRO Naura HD" tvg-logo="http://tvmalaysia.cc:80/images/d80a9589528fe5f41fba95bd9b107e72.png" group-title="MALAYSIA",ASTRO Naura HD
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/penang189/penang189/6724
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="awesometv.my" tvg-name="Awesome TV" tvg-logo="http://tvmalaysia.cc:80/images/26eb97872079a0801307bed836a5aeea.png" group-title="MALAYSIA",Awesome TV
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/penang189/penang189/9016
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="astrooasis.my" tvg-name="ASTRO Oasis HD" tvg-logo="http://tvmalaysia.cc:80/images/1025207519df6b585f285d5324f5e5c1.png" group-title="MALAYSIA",ASTRO Oasis HD
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/penang189/penang189/6725
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="astroaura.my" tvg-name="ASTRO Aura HD" tvg-logo="http://tvmalaysia.cc:80/images/0b67d68665c92067221b479621db7952.png" group-title="MALAYSIA",ASTRO Aura HD
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/penang189/penang189/6713
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="astrorania.my" tvg-name="ASTRO Rania HD" tvg-logo="http://tvmalaysia.cc:80/images/4408bc4a7b2f8ad6317ce413de65d2c8.png" group-title="MALAYSIA",ASTRO Rania HD
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/321456/321456/6729
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="astroawani.my" tvg-name="ASTRO Awani HD" tvg-logo="http://tvmalaysia.cc:80/images/4bfd1cf8ffae3783bc756c9aca65d192.png" group-title="MALAYSIA",ASTRO Awani HD
https://awanitv.akamaized.net/hls/live/2017836/LiveTV1/stream04/streamPlaylist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="astroceria.my" tvg-name="ASTRO Ceria HD" tvg-logo="http://tvmalaysia.cc:80/images/49204e1ccb905c3231dac0998b55b704.png" group-title="MALAYSIA",ASTRO Ceria HD
http://iptv.tvmalaysia.cc:80/penang189/penang189/6715


///// BEIN ENTERTAINMENT /////

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN STAR MOVIES HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ss/star_movies.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",BEIN_STARMOVIES HD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117153
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN STAR WORLD HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ss/star_world_hk.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",BEIN_STARWORLD HD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117154
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN Movies 1 PREMIERE HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bein-movies-1-qa.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",BEIN_Movies1 PREMIERE HD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117155
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN Movies 2 ACTION HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bein-movies-action-2-qa-tr.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",BEIN_Movies2 ACTION HD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117156
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN Movies 3 DRAMA HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bein-movies-3-qa.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",BEIN_Movies3 DRAMA HD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117157
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN Movies 4 FAMILY HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bein-movies-family-qa-tr.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",BEIN_Movies4 FAMILY HD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117158
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN SERIES 1 HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bein-series-1-qa.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",BEIN_SERIES 1 HD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117160
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE:  BEIN  series 2  HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bein-series-2-qa.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",BEIN _series 2  HD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117161
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN FOX ACTION MOVIES HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ff/fox_movies_action.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",FOX_ACTION_MOVIES HD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117164
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN FOX REWAYAT HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ff/fox-rewayat-us.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",FOX_REWAYAT HD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117165
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN FOX CRIME HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ff/fox_crime_global.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",FOX_CRIME HD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117166
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN  FOX LIFE FHD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ff/fox-life-us.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",FOX_LIFE FHD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117167
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN BBC EARTH HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bbc_earth_uk.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",BBC_EARTH HD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117168
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN FOX MOVIES " tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ff/fox_movies_us.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",FOX_MOVIES
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117169
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE:  BEIN Discovery ID HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ii/investigation-discovery-us.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",Discovery_ID HD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117170
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN NATGEO WILD FHD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/nn/national-geographic-wild-us.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",NATGEO_WILD FHD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117171
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN national geographic HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/nn/nat_geo_us.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",national_geographic HD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117172
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE:  BEIN History" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/hh/history_tv18.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",History
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117173
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN DISCOVERY Showcase FHD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ii/investigation-discovery-us.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",DISCOVERY Showcase FHD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117174
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN animal planet HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/aa/animal-planet-us.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",animal planet HD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117175
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN HGTV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/hh/hgtv_us.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",HGTV
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117180
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE:  BEIN  FOX FAMILY MOVIES  HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ff/fox_movies_family.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",FOX_FAMILY_MOVIES  HD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117181
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN  FATAFEAT HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ff/fatafeat-eg-ae.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",FATAFEAT HD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117184
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN JEEM FHD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/jj/jeem_tv_qa.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",JEEM FHD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117187
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN HISTORY 2 HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/hh/h2-latinoamerica-us.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",HISTORY 2 HD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117188
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN OUTDOOR HD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/oo/outdoor-channel-us.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",OUTDOOR HD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117189
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN  DREAM WORKS FHD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/dd/dreamworks-tv-us.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",DREAM WORKS FHD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117190
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN AMC " tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/aa/amc_us.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",AMC 
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117194
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN DTX" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/dd/discovery_turbo_us_xtra.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",DTX
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117195
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="BE: BEIN GOURMET FHD" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bein-gourmet-qa.png" group-title="BEIN ENTERTAINMENT",GOURMET FHD
http://channelstv.online:8080/medo2021/medo2022/117197


///// NETFLIX /////

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/9fR8jbQt/Netflix-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="NETFLIX",Netflix1
http://red.ipfox.org:8080/1234/12345678/31918
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/9fR8jbQt/Netflix-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="NETFLIX",Netflix2
http://red.ipfox.org:8080/1234/12345678/31917
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/9fR8jbQt/Netflix-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="NETFLIX",Netflix3
http://red.ipfox.org:8080/1234/12345678/31916
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/9fR8jbQt/Netflix-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="NETFLIX",Netflix4
http://red.ipfox.org:8080/1234/12345678/31915
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/9fR8jbQt/Netflix-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="NETFLIX",Netflix5
http://red.ipfox.org:8080/1234/12345678/31914
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/9fR8jbQt/Netflix-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="NETFLIX",Netflix6
http://red.ipfox.org:8080/1234/12345678/31913
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/9fR8jbQt/Netflix-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="NETFLIX",Netflix7
http://red.ipfox.org:8080/1234/12345678/31912
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/9fR8jbQt/Netflix-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="NETFLIX",Netflix8
http://red.ipfox.org:8080/1234/12345678/31911
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/9fR8jbQt/Netflix-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="NETFLIX",Netflix9
http://red.ipfox.org:8080/1234/12345678/31910
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/9fR8jbQt/Netflix-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="NETFLIX",Netflix10
http://red.ipfox.org:8080/1234/12345678/31909
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/9fR8jbQt/Netflix-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="NETFLIX",NetflixAction 1
http://red.ipfox.org:8080/1234/12345678/31908
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/9fR8jbQt/Netflix-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="NETFLIX",NetflixAction 2
http://red.ipfox.org:8080/1234/12345678/31907
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/9fR8jbQt/Netflix-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="NETFLIX",NetflixCartoon 1
http://red.ipfox.org:8080/1234/12345678/31906
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/9fR8jbQt/Netflix-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="NETFLIX",NetflixCartoon 2
http://red.ipfox.org:8080/1234/12345678/31905
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/9fR8jbQt/Netflix-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="NETFLIX",NetflixSci-Fi
http://red.ipfox.org:8080/1234/12345678/31904
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/9fR8jbQt/Netflix-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="NETFLIX",NetflixRomance 1
http://red.ipfox.org:8080/1234/12345678/31903
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/9fR8jbQt/Netflix-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="NETFLIX",NetflixRomance 2
http://red.ipfox.org:8080/1234/12345678/31902
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/9fR8jbQt/Netflix-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="NETFLIX",NetflixHorror 1
http://red.ipfox.org:8080/1234/12345678/31901
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/9fR8jbQt/Netflix-Share-Ext-Group.png" group-title="NETFLIX",NetflixHorror 2
http://red.ipfox.org:8080/1234/12345678/31900
